feat: update autoscaling FAQ (#32)
huggingface/hf-endpoints-documentation: docs/source/faq.mdx

A: If your Endpoint is using a CPU accelerator, once the average CPU utilization of all your endpoints hits 80%, a new endpoint will be added.

> As for the GPU accelerator, once the average GPU utilization of all your endpoints averaged over a 2 minute window reaches 80%, a new endpoint will be added. One Endpoint can be scaled up every 3 minutes and scale down time is 5 minutes. Please note that if your model requires a significant amount of time to initialize, autoscaling may not be effective. This is because the average GPU utilization may fall below the threshold, causing your endpoint to be automatically scaled down.

Author: I can replace the "As for", but for the other changes no the words are there for a reason.
For the last bit I prefer my formulation :smile:

> As for the GPU accelerator, once the average GPU utilization of all your endpoints averaged over a 2 minute window reaches 80%, a new endpoint will be added. One Endpoint can be scaled up every 3 minutes and scale down time is 5 minutes. Please note that if your model requires a significant amount of time to initialize, autoscaling may not be effective. This is because the average GPU utilization may fall below the threshold, causing your endpoint to be automatically scaled down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As for the GPU accelerator, once the average GPU utilization of all your endpoints averaged over a 2 minute window reaches 80%, a new endpoint will be added. One Endpoint can be scaled up every 3 minutes and scale down time is 5 minutes. 
_Note: that if your model requires a significant amount of time to initialize, autoscaling may not be effective. This is because the average GPU utilization may fall below the threshold, causing your endpoint to be automatically scaled down. The enterprise plan gives a customer full control over the autoscaling definitions._ 
```

Author: I don't think it's necessary
